- TRENCH: Define new Prime Candidates.
The bureau needs a director.
Our future.
P6 and P7
- JESSE: Is this what Dylan
wanted me to see?
It doesn't matter,
we need to find that projector.
All the times, I felt paranoid.
I was right!
The bureau could've given me the answers.
But they just stood by and watched me.
I studied what happened in Ordinary here.
That's the place to start looking.
Dylan and I were both Prime Candidates.
Experiments.
(ELEVATOR BELL RINGS)
We're going back home.
Of course, we are.
It started there ###.
Never gone away.
There's gotta be a way
to rotate these tracks.
Maybe there's a control panel nearby.
(ELEVATOR BELL RINGS)
♪ (INTRO MUSIC) ♪
- DARLING: ###
###
Or die trying.
♪ (OUTRO MUSIC) ♪
- JESSE: Let's see what they have in Ordinary.
It's all here.
Our home, our school, the woods, the dump.
We found this slide projector
in the dump outside town.
Did they recreate that ### too?
Is that why they keep it?
They moved the whole landfill here
in the middle of New York!
And nobody saw a thing!
Pretty unbelievable!
(ENEMIES SPAWN)
- DARLING: ###
###
- JESSE: Darling took the projector
to the Research Sector.
He dedicated a whole area to it
so he knew it was important.
Dimensional Research.
That's where we'll go next.